#!/bin/bash

declare -a insults=(
    "You suck!"
    "So long jerk!"
    "I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone."
    "Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory."
    "Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies."
    "I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone."
    "Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?"
    "Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering."
    "Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you."
    "Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory."
    "I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you."
    "I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it."
    "You're the reason they invented double doors!"
    "You bring everyone a lot of joy,  when you leave the room."
    "You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen."
    "If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world."
    "If you are going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty."
    "What's the difference between you and eggs? Eggs get laid and you don't."
    "I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!"
    "I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass."
    "I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a smarter statement than that."
    "Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example."
    "There's only one problem with your face, I can see it."
    "You're so ugly, when you popped out the doctor said \"Aww what a treasure\" and your mom said \"Yeah, lets bury it.\""
    "You're so ugly you scare the shit back into people."
    "If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ."
    "You shouldn't play hide and seek, no one would look for you."
    "Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick."
    "It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it."
    "If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents."
    "At least when I do a handstand my stomach doesn't hit me in the face."
    "Somewhere out there is a tree, tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe. I think you owe it an apology. "
    "If you're gonna be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you're just an ass."
    "I don't exactly hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it."
    "Hey, you have somthing on your chin... no, the 3rd one down"
    "Maybe if you ate some of that makeup you could be pretty on the inside."
    "You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC."
    "Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?"
    "Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is."
    "The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait."
    "Oh my God, look at you. Was anyone else hurt in the accident?"
    "What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants his butt back?"
    "I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you."
    "I'd slap you, but shit stains."
    "I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit."
    "Why don't you slip into something more comfortable -- like a coma."
    "How many times do I have to flush to get rid of you?"
    "You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard."
    "There are more calories in your stomach than in the local supermarket!"
    "Well I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong."
    "You're not funny, but your life, now that's a joke."
    "If I were to slap you, it would be considered animal abuse!"
    "It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer."
    "The last time I saw a face like yours I fed it a banana."
    "Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?"
    "What are you doing here? Did someone leave your cage open?"
    "Why don't you check eBay and see if they have a life for sale."
    "If I gave you a penny for your thoughts, I'd get change."
    "You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit"
    "You're so fat, when you wear a yellow rain coat people scream ''taxi''."
    "You have two brains cells, one is lost and the other is out looking for it."
    "I'd like to kick you in the teeth, but that would be an improvement!"
    "Do you know how long it takes for your mother to take a crap? Nine months."
    "I'll never forget the first time we met, although I'll keep trying."
    "You're so ugly, when you threw a boomerang it didn't come back."
    "Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too."
    "You are proof that God has a sense of humor."
    "You're so ugly, the only dates you get are on a calendar. "
    "If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless."
    "You're as bright as a black hole, and twice as dense."
    "You're so fat, you could sell shade."
    "You're so ugly, when you got robbed, the robbers made you wear their masks."
    "You look like something I'd draw with my left hand."
    "You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you."
    "Shock me, say something intelligent."
    "You're so ugly you make blind kids cry."
    "I fart to make you smell better."
    "If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart."
    "If your brain was made of chocolate, it wouldn't fill an M&M."
    "So you've changed your mind, does this one work any better?"
    "You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet."
    "It's kinda sad watching you attempt to fit your entire vocabulary into a sentence."
    "You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse."
    "I heard your parents took you to a dog show and you won."
    "When was the last time you could see your whole body in the mirror?"
    "Looks like you traded in your neck for an extra chin!"
    "You're as useless as a knitted condom."
    "I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you."
    "You're a person of rare intelligence. It's rare when you show any."
    "You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?"
    "You didn't fall out of the stupid tree. You were dragged through dumbass forest."
    "I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?"
    "Some drink from the fountain of knowledge; you only gargled."
    "Your parents hated you so much your bath toys were an iron and a toaster"
    "I thought you were attractive, but then you opened your mouth."
    "Your hockey team made you goalie so you'd have to wear a mask."
    "Learn from your parents' mistakes - use birth control!"
    "Just wait till you can't fit your hand in the Pringles tubes, then where will you get your daily nutrition from?"
    "Your face makes onions cry."
    "Ever since I saw you in your family tree, I've wanted to cut it down."
    "If my dog had your face, I would shave his butt and make him walk backwards."
    "I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works!"
    "You're so stupid you tried to wake a sleeping bag."
    "You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, \"concentrate\"."
    "Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand."
    "I heard you went to a haunted house and they offered you a job."
    "Why dont you shut up and give that hole in your face a chance to heal."
    "Looks aren't everything; in your case, they aren't anything"
    "With a face like yours, I'd wish I was blind."
    "You have enough fat to make another human."
    "My email password has been hacked. That's the third time I've had to rename the cat."
    "You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back!"
    "You're so ugly, you had tinted windows on your incubator."
    "Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother."
    "You only annoy me when you're breathing."
    "You're so dumb, your dog teaches you tricks."
    "You should eat some of your make up so you can be pretty on the inside."
    "If assholes could fly, this place would be an airport!"
    "It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the 'impression' that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt."
    "We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough."
    "So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey. "
    "You fear success, but really have nothing to worry about."
    "If brains were dynamite you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose."
    "You're as useless as a screen door on a submarine."
    "Am I getting smart with you? How would you know?"
    "You've got photographic memory but with the lens cover glued on."
    "You get as much action as a nine button on a microwave."
    "You must be on the seafood diet. When you see food, you eat it!"
    "You look like a before picture."
    "You're so fat, you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad."
    "Don't you need a license to be that ugly?"
    "Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?"
    "You are so stupid, you'd trip over a cordless phone."
    "I thought of you all day today. I was at the zoo."
    "You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance."
    "You may not have any enemies, but your friends don't really like you either."
    "Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!"
    "You must have a very low opinion of people if you think they are your equals."
    "You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you."
    "I'm no proctologist, but I know as asshole when I see one."
    "Looks like you fell off the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down."
    "Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live."
    "Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside."
    "You're not exactly bad looking. There's just one little problem between your ears - your face!"
    "Any similarity between you and a human is purely coincidental."
    "You're so fat a picture of you would fall off the wall!"
    "You're so  fat,  you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people you are backing up."
    "Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?"
    "I heard you took an IQ test and they said you're results were negative."
    "I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside."
    "I'd like to help you out. Which way did you come in? "
    "Wi-Fi went down during family dinner tonight. One of the kids started talking and I didn't know who he was."
    "I've been called worse things by better people"
    "Are you always an idiot, or just when I'm around?"
)

index=$(($RANDOM%${#insults[@]}))
echo -e "\e[1;31m${insults[$index]}\e[0m"
